today's feel-good food is miso soup with
tofu it's fantastically nutritious low
calorie low fat and can be prepared in
well under 10 minutes we're going to
make the stop using miso paste mirin and
soy and then fill it out with oyster
mushrooms tofu and edamame beans okay
they'll start me to make a stock so a
couple of cups of water into our pan and
bring that up to a boil and to our water
we're gonna add our miso soup paste okay
so this is already a combination of miso
paste
so fermented beans and minted rice
that's cured with salt and then dashi
stock gained a she studies really
intensive an apple but obviously gonna
add it to the water and thin it right
out so squeeze that in there is this
easy to get hold of this pre-made pastes
the pre-made stuff the miso soup very
easy you'll get that in most
supermarkets if you want to actually
make your own then you need the dashi
powder at the museo de paste you might
use an Asian supermarket 10 days but
pre-mixed dead easy to that we're also
gonna add half a vegetable stock you
okay okay and then we've got mirin sorry
about two tablespoons of mirin and one
tablespoon of soy am I gonna have to
guess this roughly cuz it's all about
mixing and we taste later and had it and
amend it tell me when to stop so that's
about two tablespoons of mirin okay
which is a sweet rice wine and then one
tablespoon so half as much of soy all we
need to do is heat that very gently you
don't really want to boil it okay
because that's when it kind of goes
cloudy you want to keep it a very very
gentle simmer and then we can add in all
other flavors we've got waster mushrooms
so your split already yes coming
together
now these we just want to slice and some
nice thin slices if you can do majority
of that Bowl and we've also got edamame
beans
well these you can buy frozen soya beans
just defrost them and we're gonna add
those to the soup as well I've had these
in restaurants where they're still in
the pot and there was salty on the
outside yes you can I had to get them in
their pods or even easier still I think
frozen and out of the pods treat me
exactly as you would peas or proteins
it's gonna be pretty quick to make them
seriously speedy I mean we're nearly
halfway there if we put all the
mushrooms in with our beans they need to
very gently kind of heat up and simmer
for two or three minutes just to soften
the mushrooms and warm the beans through
and that's pretty much it this is really
speedy kind of a diet friendly great
tasting suit you can throw together in
minutes this is fresh tofu we need to do
is take it and cut it into really neat
little squares
remember we serve it we're gonna start
with a small spoon see what bits it
gonna fit on the spoon so we can cut it
into pieces
the thing with tofu is it has very
little if any flavor it's so subtle but
remember all the flavor we've got going
on here yeah it will take on all that
flavor flavor Spanish it's like a flavor
sponge that's really good for you those
mushrooms need of another few seconds to
warm through and then I'll tofu can go
into the meantime we can look at our
spring onions if you can just do a very
very fine shred the finer the better and
they're going to go in really
last-minute little ears we service
looking with that crunch and that fresh
kind of spring onion kick this is our
last ingredient yeah that is how simple
this is but I promise you when you taste
it you will be impressed you can see
we've made about two portions here but
if you're gonna make it you might
actually make a big fat and then you can
actually use it throughout the week so
you can we just take it to work in a
flask keep warm or you can just reheat
it a bit at a time throughout the course
of a couple of days just as easily but
our tofu can go in now do you have to
use tape or is there something else that
you've replaced it with if you ain't
gettin like Toki I think once you've got
the base the mise au flavors then you
can add what you want so some we
shredded punch a chicken would work
nicely or some prawns again anything
that's lean high in protein will fit
perfectly in this dish okay to finish it
off all of these spring onions you to be
sliced go in there and that's it it's so
simple that is the soup done all we like
to do is serve it make sure you get
plenty of mushroom plenty of tofu you
notice soup when people say oh when
you're ill you know see ya exactly
that's so much health in one bowl we've
got our spoons as well now have a taste
do what we think of everything in my
spoon
hmm good right yeah really good really
fresh and which is that quick to make
absolutely no excuse not to give it a go
I can't believe how healthy it tastes
super medicine mmm spring onions really
make it fresh and quite a zingy I love
it
mm-hmm it's amazing for more feel-good
food make sure you subscribed to
bodytalk and if you want the full
details of this recipe head to
sortedfood.com
finish it the sprinkler fresh coriander
and now I get tickets try it over this
thing so dig in have a taste test what
you think go for it make as well that is
really good it tastes like with chili
healthy heart yeah vegetarian food this
is really good because it's as you said
it's hearty and it's so cold at the
moment there but it's nice to eat
something healthy Raji